= Milkmaid
Milkmaid is a command-line client for Remember the Milk.

==Features
* View a list of incomplete tasks, their due dates, and their priorities by list
* Complete a task
* Postpone a task
* Add a new task, setting properties using the Smart Add feature

== Installing
  $ gem install milkmaid

== Authorizing
Before you can connect to your tasks you must authorize the client.

1. $ milkmaid auth start
2. Follow the generated link
3. $ milkmaid auth finish

Now you are ready to work with your tasks.

== Commands
Use the -h option to view a list of commands and options for each command.

  $ milkmaid -h
  $ milkmaid task -h

== Working with tasks and lists
Whenever you want to reference a task or list, such as when completing a task or
viewing tasks within a specific list you must first view the tasks or lists in order
to load their ID numbers and assign them to a much easier to use local ID.

  $ milkmaid list
  $ milkmaid task

== Version history
=== 0.3.0
* See a list of available lists with the list command
* View incomplete tasks by list with the -l option
* Updated command structure. Use the -h option to see commands.
* Friendly message when unable to connect to server

=== 0.2.1
* Fixed auth scenarios

=== 0.2.0
* New delete command
* Friendlier usage information

=== 0.1.1
* Fixed an issue when listing tasks with recurrences that were completed

=== 0.1.0
* Initial version

== Contact me
Follow me on twitter: @mariusgrigoriu

== Contributing to Milkmaid
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright
Copyright (c) 2011 Marius Grigoriu. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

